fix(curriculum): change debugging console lesson (#38554)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/debugging/understanding-the-differences-between-the-freecodecamp-and-browser-console.english.md

<section id='description'>
You may have noticed that some freeCodeCamp JavaScript challenges include their own console. This console behaves a little differently than the browser console you used in the last challenge.
The following challenge is meant to highlight the main difference between the freeCodeCamp console and your browser console.
When you run ordinary JavaScript, the browser's console will display your <code>console.log()</code> statements the exact number of times it is called.

> The freeCodeCamp console will print your <code>console.log()</code> statements a short time after the editor detects a change in the script, as well as during every test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The freeCodeCamp console will print your <code>console.log()</code> statements a short time after the editor detects a change in the script, as well as during testing.
```
To avoid filling up the fCC console with redundant messages, the logs in the global scope are only displayed when the first test runs.

> The freeCodeCamp console is cleared before every test. So, you may miss a log, if the tests finish too quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The freeCodeCamp console is cleared before the tests are run and, to avoid spam, only prints the logs during the first test. The exceptions to this are logs called inside functions, which are printed whenever the function is called.
```
The second sentence might be better as a footnote, since it takes you out of the flow. Thoughts?  Nonetheless logs inside functions are always shown *if* those functions are executed during tests.  The idea being users might want to know what their functions are doing when tested, so we should not hide that.

Reviewer 2: I would be happy with it either as you have suggested, or as a footnote. By "footnote" do you mean a final paragraph with the beginning: **Note:**  ?

Reviewer: Initially I thought a literal footnote, like <sup>1</sup>: \<footnote context\>, but I don't think that's used in any other challenges so I think a **Note:** is a better bet. I've edited that in.

> If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you would like to use the browser console, and want it to operate the same as the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.

Reviewer 3: My take

`If you would like to see each log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you prefer to use the browser console and want it to operate at the same as the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.`

Reviewer 2: I do prefer your take, and will incorporate this with what Oliver has requested.

> If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you would like to use the browser console, and want it to operate the same as the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you prefer to use the browser console, and want it to mimic the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.
```
This approach shows only the last test, while the fCC console shows only the first test, but it's as similar as you can get.  To my mind 'mimic' gets across the fact that it looks the same, but isn't identical.  Also, I incorporated @AshNaz87's suggestion, as it avoids repetition.

<section id='description'>
You may have noticed that some freeCodeCamp JavaScript challenges include their own console. This console behaves a little differently than the browser console you used in the last challenge.
The following challenge is meant to highlight the main difference between the freeCodeCamp console and your browser console.
When you run ordinary JavaScript, the browser's console will display your <code>console.log()</code> statements the exact number of times it is called.
The freeCodeCamp console will print your <code>console.log()</code> statements a short time after the editor detects a change in the script, as well as during testing.
The freeCodeCamp console is cleared before the tests are run and, to avoid spam, only prints the logs during the first test (see the note below for exceptions).
If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you prefer to use the browser console, and want it to mimic the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.

> **Note:** <code>console.log</code>s inside functions are printed to the freeCodeCamp console whenever those functions are called, this can help debugging functions that are called during testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** `console.log`s inside functions are printed to the freeCodeCamp console whenever those functions are called, this can help debugging functions that are called during testing.
```
To use markdown syntax, you have to have an empty line somewhere after the opening `<section>` tag (otherwise the markdown parser treats it as being html).  That's how you make \*\* and \` work, otherwise you have to use html tags.

Reviewer 2: Right. I changed it, because I thought it would need the `code` tags to prevent translation?

Reviewer: The backticks are just a shorthand to create code tags, so anything inside them should be treated the same way.

You may have noticed that some freeCodeCamp JavaScript challenges include their own console. This console behaves a little differently than the browser console you used in the last challenge.
The following challenge is meant to highlight the main difference between the freeCodeCamp console and your browser console.
When you run ordinary JavaScript, the browser's console will display your <code>console.log()</code> statements the exact number of times it is called.
The freeCodeCamp console will print your <code>console.log()</code> statements a short time after the editor detects a change in the script, as well as during testing.
The freeCodeCamp console is cleared before every test. So, you may miss a log, if the tests finish too quickly.

> If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you would like to use the browser console, and want it to operate the same as the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to see every log for every test, run the tests, and open the browser console. If you would like to use the browser console, and want it to operate the same as the freeCodeCamp console, place <code>console.clear()</code> before any other <code>console</code> calls, to clear the browser console.

**Note:** `console.log`s inside functions are printed to the freeCodeCamp console whenever those functions are called, this can help debugging functions that are called during testing.
```
The note referred to above.

Reviewer 3: Me nitpicking here.

Shouldn't it be `console.log`'s?

Reviewer: Apostrophy 's'?  Nope, it's just plural logs, not possessive.

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately, this targeted the old commit. So, I have added a new commit with all the current suggestions.
